---
description: We have decided to completely rewrite Tanjun (once again). Version 0.1.0 is now the first new Tanjun version! 🥳
icon: message-pen
layout:
  title:
    visible: true
  description:
    visible: true
  tableOfContents:
    visible: true
  outline:
    visible: true
  pagination:
    visible: false
---

# v0.1.0

## Traditional commands & slash commands

In the upcoming Tanjun versions, both traditional commands with a prefix and the slash commands will be supported. This gives you the option of simply using what you find more convenient.

## New admin commands

Tanjun now offers a number of new commands that make the administration of your servers easier! Especially on mobile devices, managing some server settings in Discord is more annoying than practical. These new commands make things a lot easier.

<details>

<summary>Here are all the commands available so far:</summary>

- `addrole` - Give a member a role
- `removerole` - Remove a role from a member
- `createrole` - Create a role
- `deleterole` - Delete a role
- `kick` - Kick a member
- `ban` - Ban a member
- `unban` - Unban a member
- `timeout` - Send a member to timeout (any duration possible!)
- `removetimeout` - Release a member from timeout
- `purge` - Delete a certain number of messages from a channel
- `nickname` - Change the nickname of a member
- `slowmode` - Set the slow mode for a channel (any duration possible!)
- `lock` - Lock a channel
- `unlock` - Unlock a channel
- `warn` - Warn a member
- `viewwarns` - List the warnings of a member
- `nuke` - Delete **all** messages from a channel by recreating it
- `say` - Let the bot write a specific message :eyes:
- `embed` - Send an embed
- `createemoji` - Upload an emoji

</details>

We have explained a few commands in more detail:

### `Lock` and `Unlock` commands

With these two commands you can either prevent members from writing messages in a channel or allow them to write messages again.

When the `Lock` command is executed, @everyone and all additional roles and members set the `Send messages` authorization to ❌. This means that nobody (except administrators) can write in the channel. The `Unlock` command restores the status before the lock (anyone who was not allowed to write before the lock is not allowed to write afterwards either).

Here is a video to illustrate the two commands:

{% embed url="https://files.gitbook.com/v0/b/gitbook-x-prod.appspot.com/o/spaces%2FkxqAE1ifXfn1iwkp233g%2Fuploads%2FeTju7UQpdv4oHAaPSrZQ%2FCrYFAxJ233.mp4?alt=media&token=1e64d6c5-f85a-4a92-9864-0d07550e6557" %}
How the lock and unlock commands work
{% endembed %}

### `Warn` and `Viewwarn` commands

The `Warn` command can be used to warn members. The warned person then receives a DM[^1] (if the bot can send DMs[^2] to this person). All previous warnings for a member can be displayed using the `Viewwarns` command.

By default, the warnings do not expire and remain permanently saved. In addition, there are no actions by default that are executed after a certain number of warnings. However, it should be possible to set this in the future.

### `Nuke` command

Auch wenn der `Nuke`-Befehl erstmal nur sehr gefährlich klingt, kann er in bestimmten Situationen sehr nützlich sein. Mit diesem Befehl hat man die Möglichkeit, alle Nachrichten in einem Kanal auf einmal zu löschen, indem der Bot eine exakte Kopie des Kanals anfertigt und das Original löscht.

Hierfür auch ein Video zur Veranschaulichung:

{% embed url="https://files.gitbook.com/v0/b/gitbook-x-prod.appspot.com/o/spaces%2FkxqAE1ifXfn1iwkp233g%2Fuploads%2FXC71iXTGTQmjXxQSpkXm%2Fclearchannel_showcase.mp4?alt=media&token=ac519282-0d9b-4d20-9b69-3f9c8be33109" %}
Funktionsweise des Nuke-Befehls
{% endembed %}

### `Createemoji`-Befehl

Wie schon erwähnt, wollen wir mit den Admin-Befehlen die Verwaltung des Servers besonders auf Mobilgeräten leichter machen und dieser Befehl erspart einem diesen nervigen Prozess in den Servereinstellungen in der mobilen App.

Außerdem ist dieser Command noch für einen weiteren Anwendungsfall gedacht: Es gibt über die Discord-API die Möglichkeit, Emojis zu erstellen, die nur bestimmte Rollen verwenden dürfen. In den Servereinstellungen gibt es keine Möglichkeit, dieses Feature zu nutzen, aber über Bots ist das möglich.

***

Wir sind ständig dabei, an der neuen Tanjun-Version weiterzuarbeiten und ihr könnt schon bald mit dem nächsten Changelog rechnen. :thumbsup:

[^1]: Direktnachricht

[^2]: Direktnachrichten
